
I live in a mostly-white small town, and an overwhelming majority of my neighbors (and people I am familiar with) hold the "anti-white racism" perception. I've found myself in semi-heated (but civil) conversations with some people about this issue before, and they commonly bring things up like, "why can't I be offended when somebody calls me a honkey? why can black people say the n-word but I can't? Why should I have to pay for correcting discrimination that I never contributed to myself?" I've come to realize that no matter what I say to them about institutional discrimination, or how whites have been holding the reins on society since the beginning of this country and it continues today, their minds just won't change. I think it's a matter of a lack of empathy and compassion, and I don't think most people in that mindset will have the capacity to understand why that sort of thinking is toxic unless they were physically put in the shoes of a person in a racial minority.
What do they exactly mean by "romanticism"?
I think here it's meant to refer to the state of being impractical or unrealistic - the author is aware of the fantasy-like nature of his thoughts.
I totally agree that they should have done something, like allow other scholars to post civil refutes in response to the objections - but I feel that censoring them wouldn't do much justice either. Even though those anti-white racism sentiments are in fact offensive, I think censoring them would only cause further disruption and dispute. Forums like this should perpetuate civil discussion on these hard-hitting topics. Censorship isn't always the answer to responding to those kinds of statements.(except maybe in blatantly, overtly racist cases) Allowing debate, on the other hand, I think, would've been the ideal way to combat racist ideology.
Why though? Just because somebody is older and has more years on their belt means they should go unchallenged in their statements? I've always had this qualm with "respecting your elders," as it is taught to all young people. I don't think there is any disrespect, no more than there would be if you were challenging somebody who isn't a senior. I always thought this was a dangerous rule - your elders might not always be right, and younger people should be able to bring up their counterpoints to them.
*adjective* relating to teaching
This whole concept of large corporations having so much insight into your life has always sort of freaked me out. There's a common running meme joke about the "FBI agent in your phone" that reacts to all of your weird google search histories and your browsing history. While these memes are hilarious, they're also haunting - which adds another layer of humor. All these companies that can meticulously watch, record, and share your virtual activity have your right to privacy clutched tightly in their hands. In another respect, this user profile transparency probably also makes it much easier for law enforcement to track and capture law-breakers. You can't get away with murder as easily as you could pre-1970's. Not that that concerns any of us (hopefully), but it's something to keep in mind next time some jerk pulls out in front of you while driving. 
Wireless mesh networks allow for only one "node" to be physically connected to a network, like an internet modem - all additional nodes throughout a space receive connection wirelessly to the connected node, therefore allowing larger areas to have fast network connection.
Packet capture utilities (or packet sniffers) intercept data transmissions in a network's traffic and captures "packets," or sections of the data. Packet sniffers can be installed directly into the network.
A MAC address is a media access control address. It is a unique identifier assigned to a network interface controller. (ex: computers, smartphones)
After reading (9), I explored Wolfram Alpha for a long, long time - it's a truly remarkable site, especially for those with a craving for useless yet very necessary knowledge. Did you know that if you eat 1 ton of spaghetti, you'll get 10,080% of your daily value of vitamin E, and 25 kilograms of dietary fiber? 
I had to look this one up: a rube is an informal way of saying "country bumpkin," or a naive/inexperienced person.
"PHP is a popular general-purpose scripting language that is especially suited to web development. Fast, flexible and pragmatic, PHP powers everything from your blog to the most popular websites in the world."  
 Answer: *this guy*
This made me wonder what my homeslice Henry David Thoreau would think about this statement. In what sense would people who don't understand be left behind? What if an individual's life and work doesn't rely on software? I'm thinking of people in third-world countries, pre-computer historical figures, or people who simply have other means of living life apart from the many applications of modern software. People who are still writing history with their hands, not keyboards. I always thought, when the human race is long gone and forgotten, whatever intelligent life finds traces of our existence, whether extra-terrestrial or other, will think we all just stopped studying the world and expanding at the time that we began to integrate all of our collective knowledge onto computers that need turned-on and charged up. All of our thoughts, discoveries, and art will only be accessible through the invisible cloud of code. The only tangible evidence of our intelligence will be in physical books, non-digital art, and architecture. Will aliens find our ruins and be able to tap into this code-dependent world of digtal hieroglyphs we've painstakingly constructed? In that sense, those who were "ignorant" of software will be the only ones not left behind, in the history of man. (Debate is welcome)
Ada Lovelace was born in 1815 and died in 1852 in London. Since "computing" wasn't a term yet, she described her approach to mathematics and technology as "poetical science."
I find this so wholesome, and the fact that all of these tiny coding-language inside jokes are the elements of things we stare at daily but never see gives it an added layer of laughter, and another sigh.
 Botanical background: a crocus. Also, this entire line made me smile.
I like this thought - Computers seem infinitely reaching, but we should remind ourselves that the technology we are surrounded (and sometimes overwhelmed) by is entirely the at the hands of humans - somebody labored over every pixel and page you take for granted. (p.s. the tag stands for "something to think about")
 IBM did this - mind-blowing!
 Brazil's vibrant financial center, among one of the world's most populous cities.
Is this an example of "community languages," i.e. TEI in a schema? (reference to DIGIT 110 Textencoding) "When people work in XML in communities, though, they’ll work with specific tagging conventions in order to easily connect and communicate with each other. For several of our projects, we’re working with one of those community languages with XML called "TEI." TEI is both a community and a language within XML with a standard set of rules, called a schema." - Prof. Beshero-Bondar, Textencoding syllabus
"Drupal is content management software. It's used to make many of the websites and applications you use every day." 
As much as I favor in-person gatherings over Zoom meetings, I have found a few aspects of seeing people at home in Zoom that I've come to adore. One big one, for me, is meeting other people's pets. In my Spanish class last semester, a classmate's adorable Labrador came into her room and insisted that he be in the meeting as well. That prompted everyone, including the professor, to bring their pets over and introduce them. I was ecstatic. It was so wholesome. Another aspect I enjoy comes from a personal place. I have a little social anxiety, especially when it comes to being in groups of people I don't know very well and having many attentions focused on me whenever I contribute to discussion. It doesn't happen all the time, but in in-person classes, if I'm anxious, I have a hard time contributing to conversation because of my irrational fear of sounding stupid or people looking at me. A lot of that pressure is dissipated in Zoom, and I found I'm better able to suppress my anxiety - especially with the "chat" option. 
On this note, I'd like to point out another issue with live online group communication that she didn't mention in the article: the fact that Zoom and other video conferencing programs seem to be designed for those with an at least decent computer literacy, and of course, those with a computer period. There is a mobile version of Zoom, but it lacks many of the functions of the computer version. Not only does it marginalize folks that are involved in highly person-to-person connection dependent communities, it also marginalizes people who might not have had computers or any experience running programs like this for most of their lives (i.e. poor people or the elderly). It creates an even wider communication divide between people who have easy access to these programs, and people who do not.
To the defense of the software designers: there are always going to be inter-personal limitations when it comes to online communications - I think even if software designers of Zoom or other video conferencing programs somehow developed facial-expression detectors and body language readers to be used and projected in online meetings, there is no replacement for the raw experience of having a group of minds in a room. We aren't at the technological level to be able to fully read the vibe in a Zoom meeting yet. No matter how thoroughly-designed the program is, it is inevitable that a certain feeling will be lost when trading virtual communities with in-person ones.
This is a very legitimate concern, especially in environments where interpersonal connection and empathy are crucial to group success. Many people who rely on group meetings, especially for psychological support for things like addiction or any mental illness, do not receive adequate emotional connections through video chat screens (and therefore many simply forego therapy altogether, which is detrimental to progress). "Rote" here meaning mechanical or habitual repetition of something to be learned.
GIS stands for Geographic Information System. It is a computer system for capturing, storing, checking, and displaying data related to positions on Earth's surface. GIS can help individuals and organizations better understand spatial patterns and relationships by relating seemingly unrelated data. 
Moore's Law states that we can expect the speed and capacity of our computers to increase every couple of years, and we will pay less for them. It is an observation and projection of a historical trend. It is named after Gordon Moore, who made the observations on emerging trends while working in chip manufacturing at Intel. 
 *Luddite* (n) blanket term used to describe people who dislike new technology. Its origins date back to an early 19th-century secret oath-based organization of English textile workers that strongly objected the industrialization of textile machinery, which they viewed as undermining the work of trained artisans by replacing refined skill with unskilled machine operators - functionally destroying their livelihoods. They would break into factories and smash textile machinery in protest. They named themselves Luddites after Nick Ludd, a young textile apprentice rumored to have wrecked a textile apparatus in 1779. source: 
 Steven E. Jones is a professor of English and Digital Humanities at the University of South Florida. His 2006 novel *Against Technology* is about the historical Luddite movement in Britain and its links to neo-Luddism in our own time.
 (1812-1829) This is a painting by the Spanish artist Francisco Goya. It depicts a greek myth of the Titan Cronus (in Roman, Saturn) who ate each of his children in fear of being overthrown. It is said that Goya painted this grotesque image to reflect his own fear of humanity in conflict with itself, as well as his personal fear of being overthrown by serious illness.
This entire essay so far arouses so many empathetic feelings inside me, but this bit especially. I also have a friend (who is a self-declared communist) that I have discussions like this with all the time. For example, we'll be talking about how silly it is that women are expected to shave our legs and armpits, and we'll both say, "fudging capitalism!" The list goes on.
a specific field in biology which studies the changes in organisms caused by modifications of gene expression rather than an alteration of the genetic code itself.
a palimpsest is something having usually diverse layers or aspects apparent beneath the surface - so palimpsestic is the adjective, meaning having many aspects beneath the surface.
Cuttagee is a little district New South Wales in southeastern Australia. It is south of Sydney. 
This is such a fascinating thought. It makes me think that maybe whenever we get the nostalgia from being in a place we've been before, it's an out-of-body reaction we have from the millions of cells and bodily dust you've shed there in the past touching the new, present cells on you and reminding your body of the person you were when you spent time there. Maybe deja-vu is a strange spiritual re-connection of your bodily dust in places or moments that your memory has shed entirely. Pretty neat. Bodies and minds are entangled to a degree we may never fully understand.
*coterminous* adj. - having the same boundaries or extent in time, space, and meaning.
James Baldwin was an American novelist, playwright, essayist, poet, and activist. His essays explore the intricacies of racial, sexual, and class distinctions in Western society, most notably in regard to the mid-20th-century U.S. He was born in 1924 in Harlem, NY and he died in 1987 in France. 
A 3D postcard is a **lenticular image** prepared to be seen in two different ways depending on the angle you look at it. The two images are NOT meant to be merged together--they're meant to be seen as different. Here's an example...can you find better ones? (Reply to my comment if you like with better images).
The anti-war movement and civil rights movement in the late 1960's is also (perhaps as a side effect) the birth of the peace+love hippie counterculture. Peaceful protests often included people of all races, genders, orientations, and ages putting flowers in the barrels of law enforcement rifles, and dancing together. It seems the anti-war and civil rights movements started a domino-effect of peace and understanding which also sparked the Gay Liberation Movement, the beginnings of modern feminism, and as previously stated in this article, the American Indian Movement. It was truly a fascinating time.
C is used for scripting system applications which form a major part of WIndows, UNIX, and Linux operating systems. It is a general-purpose programming language that can effectively work on games, graphics, etc.
CTSS represents the beginning of the idea that operating systems can work on multiple threads or "multitask." Time sharing means the system can allocate resources for two tasks or processes at once. This was a huge leap in computing, since computers at the time worked in a linear fashion.